feat(grit): add JSX node name mappings for GritQL patterns (#7285)
biomejs/biome: .changeset/cyan-jars-shake.md

---
"@biomejs/biome": patch
---

> Partially fixes [#6782](https://github.com/biomejs/biome/issues/6782). Adds JSX node mappings to `GritTargetLanguageImpl`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Partially fixed [#6782](https://github.com/biomejs/biome/issues/6782): JSX node kinds are now supported in GritQL AST nodes.
```
